CoreDNS 1.11.2 release notes and version bump (#6476)
miekg/coredns: notes/coredns-1.11.2.md

+++
title = "CoreDNS-1.11.2 Release"
description = "CoreDNS-1.11.2 Release Notes."
tags = ["Release", "1.11.2", "Notes"]
release = "1.11.2"
date = "2024-01-26T00:00:00+00:00"
author = "coredns"
+++

This release contains some new features, bug fixes, and package updates.
New features include:

> * When the _forward_ plugin receives a malformed upstream response that is overflowed,

Reviewer: minor wording nit, 
```suggestion
* When the _forward_ plugin receives a malformed upstream response that overflows,
```
